# Privacy Policy for GalapaGo! App
Last updated May 3, 2020

## INTRODUCTION

GalapaGo! respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our mobile application, including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the site.

We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification.

You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.

This Privacy Policy was generated by Termly’s Privacy Policy Generator.

## COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION

Our mobile app does not currently collect any information from users. When choosing Favorites throughout the Site, the information will be stored on the users' phone. 

## CONTACT US

If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

fih@scu.edu
